Tenrai

Tenrai Racing Developments are the AG racing division of a sports car manufacturer by the same name, which is based in Australia. They are a team representing a clean, pure racing style with little to no weapon use.

== History ==

Established in 2147 by Gary Williams, Tenrai started out as a manufacturer of sports cars. Initially only marketed in Australia, the large success of their products caused the company to begin marketing and selling their cars overseas just a couple years later, to equal amounts of success. Being an automotive company selling primarily high-performance models, they were fully aware of the AG-L, however were unable to compete, as the costs of researching and developing a racing craft were financially unviable for the company. In addition, Williams never cared for the for the use of weapons in the leagues, saying they "destroy the purity of the race".

In 2156, due to the influx of messages from fans wanting Tenrai to participate in the AG-L, the company weighed up their finances and agreed they had enough money to develop and enter a craft in the league. They had decided to enter, but would adhere to Williams' philosophy of the 'pure' race, the new craft was planned to favour speed and handling to shield energy and weapon usage, although it would still have to contain weapons systems to comply with the League's regulations.

The development of the craft itself, however, was a closely guarded secret. No-one heard from Tenrai throughout the development. However, in late 2158, over 2 years later, the new craft, named 'Xygen', was completed, and Tenrai saw fit to reveal it to the world. The craft was a thing of beauty and the design was praised heavily. At the reveal of the Xygen, Williams announced that they would make their debut in the 2159 season, but would begin their final pre-testing in the coming weeks.

Somehow, several fans found the location of Tenrai's secret test track. They leaked the location to the internet, along with a video showing the Xygen being put through its paces. From what was seen of the video, the craft was exactly as Williams said it would be. It seemed to be very fast, both on the straights and through the corners, taking said corners easily and gracefully.

== 2159 Season Message ==

'''Statement issued by Tenrai Leader of Operations, Gary Williams, Perth, Australia'''

We here at Tenrai have always been sceptical of the AG-L, mainly due to its dubious use of weaponry in the races. Fans of us would know that I believe the weapons destroy the purity of the race. In the end, we decided to enter in the very league we shunned, to show how pure, how beautiful, a race ''can'' be.

As quite a fair few of you are aware, some individuals found our secret test track and recorded footage of our craft. unfortunately for them, we weren't even using full power! Our Xygen craft is quite fast, it will accelerate to that speed in a flash, and will take any corner in a breeze!

Now, naturally, we did have to sacrifice shield energy to have such an agile craft, but shields are not our primary concern, as, to us, they fall under weapon usage. However, we have faith in our new pilots and our excellent craft. Shielding is not an issue if you can't even hit us!

We are Tenrai. We're Faster Than Angels!

== Appearance, Evolution & Stats ==

Tenrai have always been about 4 things: Speed, acceleration, handling/aerodynamics and style. The Xygen is no exception, containing a single hull design with smooth, flowing styling elements chosen for the excellent aerodynamics it provides. The livery contains flowing azure lines over a pure white background. The light frame allows the craft to make tight turns with minimal loss of speed, and the high powered engines ensure that the speed achieved by the craft is quite high.
